feat(start) allow overriding inspector on start (#19868)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/brown-cameras-marry.md

---
'@backstage/cli': patch
---

> Allows the ability to override the inspect and add after the `=` so you can now change the i.p. and port of the inspect and inspectBrk by adding for example `--inspect=0.0.0.0:9229`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds the ability to specify the listen address for the `--inspect` and `--inspect-brk` command. You can now set the ip and port of the `inspect` and `inspectBrk` by adding for example `--inspect=0.0.0.0:9229`
```
